actionFlag : null
allowPasswordChange : false
clientOption : "Selected"
countryName : null
createdBy : null
createdByDate : null
emailAddress : "IanneSuperUser1@yahoo1.com"
enableDate : null
enableDelete : null
groupOption : "Selected"
hasCaseAccess : null
hasDuplicateEmail : null
hasDuplicateUserName : null
isEditable : null
lastLoginDate : null
masterCaseUser : null
masterStatus : null
masterUserCase : null
masterUserStatusDTO : null
masterUserType : null
masterUserTypeDTO : null
mobileNumber : ""
password : null 
phoneFormat : null 
pinForAuthenticationEmail : null
pinForAuthenticationSMS : null
selectedClient : null
selectedCountryCode : null
selectedGroup : null
selectedProfile : null
selectedUserStatus : 1
selectedUserType : null
sessionID : null
userFullName : "demoSuperUser01"
userId : null
userName : "demo1"
userType : null